# Tania Nguyen - Self Assessment

The role that I played in the course of the project was the circle or database role. The task that was required in this role were the following: making sure the database stores static data for use during the project, the database interfaces with the project by AWS (Amazon Web Services), created tables from PostgresSQL, created an inner join between the two tables, had a line a code to represent connection via SQLAlchemy, and lastly has an ERD to represent the brainstorming and relationships of the tables. There were other roles that I wasn’t assigned to, but I was able to contribute as well for the GitHub master and machine learning roles. I communicate my ideas through team discussions on calls and through slack. I took some initiative in the presentation as my role did not have duties on the third segment of this project. For the machine learning, I assisted by looking over my teammate's code and try to problem-solve issues they were having. The greatest challenge during this project was getting the database to work and connect. I started off with SQLite and wasn’t successful in connecting to machine learning. So, I went with PostgresSQL, but not sure how to connect to machine learning. Later found out it was local so that wasn’t going to work with the connection. Next, I proceeded to use Amazon Web Services where I could load our data into a database and connect it publicly. With this, I was able to get my teammate to connect to our database and show our data using pandas.

Our team’s communication was through slack, during class hours, and any meetings we scheduled outside of class hours. The challenge we faced as a team was time management as we all had our lives outside of class to take into consideration, like work and family. How we resolved this was by agreeing on a time that worked for all of us to be flexible. I think what we can do differently next time is set a designated time for just project work that happens every week at a scheduled meeting. I believe that our team was great and worked really well together. We were not shy or overbearing to one another, yet very encouraging and always offered to help each other as well. I think our strength was communication and being responsible. Communication was a key part because even though we didn’t have a lot of time due to our busy lives we made team meetings possible by letting each other know what times work and find the best time for all three of us to work. Responsible was another strength because we all took care of our tasks that we all agreed to take on and when we were stuck took on the responsibility to go to office hours to get help.  Our team didn’t slack off or bailed on each other, which shows a lot of responsibility. What I recommend to the new cohort kicking of the project is to discuss roles, be open and communicate, and find a time to meet outside of class hours to make sure everyone is on the same pace and page.

For my final project in UT Austin Data Analysis and Visualization Bootcamp, I was grouped into a team where we found a large data set and to answer a question where a machine learning module can answer. What our team decided to go with was an avocado dataset where we wanted to answer the question: As Chipotle’s endeavor to expand a new avocado product, where are the best locations for testing a new product for the best avocado prices? As a team, we decided to use a linear regression model to test since it is good at finding the nature of the relationship between variables. The result of the analysis is the MCL was 0.98 accuracy and that we believe LA and San Francisco would be the best locations to test the new avocado product.
